hi everybody this is John from cookies
cupcakes in car ucomm today we're going
to be making an Oreo milkshake
I'm Jen's friend Kelly we're going to be
using my kitchen and here's hoping it
doesn't get too messy we're gonna try to
make the Oreo milkshakes you're going to
need vanilla ice cream you're going to
need some milk I'm using 1% you can also
use skim or 2% whichever kind you like
I'm also going to be using chocolate
syrup whipping cream Oreos or you can
use chocolate sandwich cookies and for
garnishing I'm going to be using mint
leaves and maraschino cherries and nice
large glasses for the milkshakes the
first step for the milkshakes is to put
about an inch of chocolate syrup in the
bottom of the glass we're going to take
four or five of the Oreo cookies and
crush them in order to make some crumbs
to garnish the milkshake with some
people might use a rolling pin or
something else to crush these but
growing up in small town Manitoba we
always use to hammer so we're going to
be using our blender now and I'm going
to take out another probably about eight
or so Oreos
I'm just going to put them in the
blender there then we'll add two cups of
milk and three cups of ice cream you
want it to be a little bit softened like
this so it's easier to work with and if
you decide that you like your shake to
be a little bit thicker you could always
use less milk and more ice cream we're
getting the kitchen messy Kelly OTO
make sure that lids on tight okay here
we go
and when the ice cream and the milk and
the cookies have all blended together we
have the perfect consistency for our
milkshake so we're going to grab the
glasses and our garnishing ingredients
and I'll be back to show you what they
look like so we're going to fill up one
of these glasses with our milkshake
mixture and I'm going to top it with
some whipping cream and Kelly's gonna
add her her lovely crushed hammered
Oreos on tops gonna get messy and I'm
going to put on a cherry on top and a
little green mint leaf the straw and the
milkshake complete I'm going to finish
off the one for my partner here Kelly
and I'll be right back to show you the
finished results so there you have it
everybody how to make an Oreo milkshake
thanks Kelly for having us in your
kitchen I hope we didn't make too big of
a mess no everything looks great and
remember to subscribe to the channel you
can find us on Google+ Twitter and on
Facebook and we'll see you again next
time
you